Use the certificate role to create the cert and the key (#78)
linux-system-roles/cockpit: README.md

Note that this does *not* work on RHEL/CentOS 7.

> #### Generate a new certificate in the role

Reviewer: I find this a bit nicer, and our role retains more control over what actually happens. So :+1: from me for moving to that approach.

But please let's actually *move* -- I find it confusing to offer "you can do it like this or that" in the README. Which one is better? (from the admin's POV). IMHO we should recommend just one approach.

The `setype:` hack is indeed obsolete. RHEL 8.6 has Cockpit 264, and CentOS 8 has something much newer. So we don't need this any more, neither with the "builtin" role.

Author: > I find this a bit nicer, and our role retains more control over what actually happens. So +1 from me for moving to that approach.
> 
> But please let's actually _move_ -- I find it confusing to offer "you can do it like this or that" in the README. Which one is better? (from the admin's POV). IMHO we should recommend just one approach.
> 
> The `setype:` hack is indeed obsolete. RHEL 8.6 has Cockpit 264, and CentOS 8 has something much newer. So we don't need this any more, neither with the "builtin" role.

Hmmm, a good point... Maybe, we can say something like this?
```
### Generate a new certificate

Now you can do it in the cockpit role by providing the cockpit_certificates variable as follows
(in the nicer English, of course ;)
    - name: Install cockpit with Cockpit web server certificate
      include_role:
        name: linux-system-roles.cockpit
      vars:
        cockpit_certificates:
          - name: monger-cockpit
            dns: ['localhost', 'www.example.com']
            ca: ipa
            group: cockpit-ws

If you already have a playbook using the certificate role and the cockpit role separately,
that's supported, too.
    - name: Generate Cockpit web server certificate
      include_role:
        name: linux-system-roles.certificate
      vars:
        certificate_requests:
          - name: /etc/cockpit/ws-certs.d/monger-cockpit
            dns: ['localhost', 'www.example.com']
            ca: ipa
            group: cockpit-ws
```

Reviewer: Agreed -- documenting this new way as the primary method, and just giving this a fallback is fine.

You can also use the `certificate` role inside the `cockpit` role to create

> certificates by providing `cockpit_certificates`.

Reviewer: This is redundant with the paragraph below, and "providing" is confusing. If we drop the current approach from the section above, then this paragraph can just be dropped.

> Use this variable to generate certificate and private key for TLS encryption

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `cockpit_certificates` variable to generate certificate and private key for TLS encryption
```

Author: Thanks, @spetrosi!

for TLS encryption using the `fedora.linux_system_roles.certificate`.

> 

Reviewer: Several grammar fixes:

> Set the `cockpit_certificates` variable to generate a certificate and private key for TLS using `fedora.linux_system_roles.certificate`.

The value of `cockpit_certificates` is set to the variable `certificate_requests`
defined in the `certificate` role.
For more information, see the `certificate_requests` section in the `certificate`

> role documentation.

Reviewer: > `cockpit_certificates` is passed on to the `certificate_requests` variable of the certificate role. For more information, see the `certificate_requests` role documentation section.

The latter should also be linked, if at all possible.

When you set `cockpit_certificates`, you must not set `cockpit_private_key` and
`cockpit_cert` variables.

> This example installs the Cockpit with the Cockpit web server certificate.

Reviewer: > This example installs Cockpit with an IdM-issued web server certificate.
